Refactor and move wal docs (#16387)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

    for recent logs. In practice recent logs are still in OS page cache so tend
    not to be slow to read using either backend. We recommend leaving it enabled
    for now as we've not measured a significant improvement in any metric by
    disabling.

  - `verification` ((#raft_logstore_verification)) This is a nested object that
    allows configuring online verification of the LogStore. Verification
    provides additional assurances that LogStore backends are correctly storing
    data. It imposes very low overhead on servers and is safe to run in
    production, however it's mostly useful when evaluating a new backend
    implementation.

    Verification must be enabled on the leader to have any effect and can be
    used with any backend. When enabled, the leader will periodically write a
    special "checkpoint" log message including checksums of all log entries
    written to Raft since the last checkpoint. Followers that have verification
    enabled will run a background task for each checkpoint that reads all logs
    directly from the LogStore and recomputes the checksum. A report is output
    as an INFO level log for each checkpoint.

>     Checksum failure should never happen and indicate unrecoverable corruption
>     on that server. The only correct response is to stop the server, remove its
>     data directory, and restart so it can be caught back up with a correct
>     server again. Please report verification failures including details about
>     your hardware and workload via GitHub issues. Refer to 
>     [Experimental WAL LogStore backend](/consul/docs/agent/wal-logstore) 
>     for more information.

Reviewer: I missed that. IMO would read more clearly as
```suggestion
    Checksum failure indicatea unrecoverable corruption
    on that server. If this occurs, stop the server, remove the data directory, and restart so it can re-sync its state with the leader again. Report each verification failure including details about
    your hardware and workload in a GitHub issue. Refer to 
    [Experimental WAL LogStore backend](/consul/docs/agent/wal-logstore) 
    for more information.
```

Does that read better to you @boruszak?

>     for more information.

Reviewer: Oops saw this was merged. Nevermind!
